---
layout: post
title: AD
---

Today, I did twice the amount of HackTheBox machines I did yesterday. I got more comfortable with using impacket tools, and privilege escalated using stored credentials and kerberoasting. I also did most of them without hints, although I needed a slight nudge to retry a kerberoasting script. Tomorrow, before I try out SecNotes, a supposedly good Windows HTB machine, I'm going to write a cheatsheet for Windows boxes.

I also declined in my chess ability today and played more than I should have. Chess is a good indication of intelligence, which is how quickly you are to recognize patterns (aka common sense). This may mean intelligence is not constant and being smart depends on luck. I keep on repeating in these posts to stop chess, and I've taken direct measures by adding chess sites to a site blocker so I can fully concentrate on Redink and HackTheBox.

Today I also watched a YouTube video which tells you how to remember your life. Johnny Harris said to take photographs, and afterwards, to live in the moment with senses other than visual. Later, delete photos. Because I don't go to many places, but I do spend my life on the Internet, I could take many screenshots and keep them in a personal pictures folder. I could also post select ones to post on this blog. For example, I've yet to defeat a Grandmaster in chess, but if I do, it will be a huge moment that I will remember to screenshot.

Finally, I started LeetCoding today again. Interestingly, after much experience from interviews, I don't dive straight into coding, but instead, try to think through the general algorithm and edge cases before starting, or at least have a 70-80% idea of what my code looks like before. This approach has prevented me from running code too frequently. However, how accurate this is is questionable, as the hypothesis' sample size is one.

I'm writing how I talk in real life. In these blogs, I also reread them one or twice to fix grammar mistakes and redundancies. I use simple words and a lot of run on sentences. I don't know how to fix that except to think slower and expose myself to more vocabulary through rote memorization like in preparation for the SATs or through reading novels.

I also notice that while I have many ideas, I often can't delve too deep into them. Like in this blog post, I jump from paragraph to paragraph, with only a few sentences in each of them. This can definitely be generalized to my thinking and essays in general. Therefore, I guess I can only BFS, so tomorrow, I ought to DFS on something.
