---
layout: post
title: Chess
---

I was going to quit chess today, but then I watched Hikaru, Alexandra Botez, and Aman Hambleton's streams and enjoyed them so much I decided against it. I love how positionally, intuitively, and simply but powerfully they think. Botez has improved massively as a chess player and I was impressed with her match against Hambleton. When I tried to play positions from their point-of-view, I found that they anticipate many things I do not. By this unique mode of study, following along the thought processes of great players, I improved many points in my blitz and bullet ratings, reaching near my highest peak yet. Perhaps I still have potential to improve at chess and should keep at it. For example, my bullet rating has always been at its peak, and currently as a 2270, I'm regularly defeating 2300s. My blitz is considerably worse at a 2150, because I'm worse at anticipating moves and calculating slightly longer lines. But, even with this new positive view of chess, I should not let it suck too much of my time, as it adds too little value per time. Again, at 4:30 AM in the morning, I am typing this, which suggests that I'm staying up too late and am lacking self-control. I played too much chess today, so I have to limit it tomorrow.

With regards to HackTheBox, I learned that there's a one-line Powershell command which allows you to download and execute a file which can be executed in both cmd and Powershell. I learned about Nishang, a Powershell reverse shell. I learned that you can hide files in an alternate file system, called Alternate Streams, which can be exposed by the command dir /r. I also learned that if certain tokens are enabled for a Windows user account, they can be used to privesc via Rotten Potato. With more Windows privesc practice, I'm suddenly less afraid of it as there are powerful tools like Powerless.bat and PowerUp.ps1 which can enumerate most of the privesc stuff which needs to be automated anyways, like checking config files, tokens, scheduled tasks, path problems, etc.

Today with Redink I was able to insert user signup data into my mongodb securely by hashing and salting user passwords serverside. Tomorrow, I hope to make the signup page ignore user info if their email is in the database, and make the login page work + make the site different for different users: non-authenticated, students, and teachers.

Finally, I always try to listen to new music everyday to expose myself to different cultures and phrases. I find myself not able to understand the songs unless I have the lyrics in front of me, even though I'm a native English speaker. One particular line that stood out to me was "you think you're first, but they at the finish line". This message resonates with me because I always underestimate what other people are capable of, and should be more humble of others, and should be more positive of people in general. I find I pick songs because they sound good, inspire emotion in me, or have one or two powerful lines.

I spelled out everything I did today. Along with other banalities, I played and watched chess, privesced a single HTB box, listened to music, and created a signup page for my site. I wish I had done more today, so I'll be more mindful of that and push myself more! A generalized today's small amount of progress in HTB is the reason why I failed the OSCP, and I must not let that happen again.
